
Changes in Version 0.2-3

  o Minor bug fixes.

  o Experimental function betamertree added, for partitioning 
    mixed-effects beta regression trees.



Changes in Version 0.2-1

  o Bug fix for missing data: Listwise deletion over all predictor,
    response and partitioning variables is now applied. Otherwise, 
    global and local parts of (g)lmertree model could be estimated 
    based on a different sample size or an error could occur.

  o Fixed bug: If dot was used in formula for specifying partitioning 
    variables, tree fitting would pick up tree structure from previous
    iteration. Fixed now.

  o Fixed bug: When type = "simple" in call to function plot.(g)lmertree
    is specified, further arguments are now passed correctly. 



Changes in Version 0.2-0

  o Bug fix in predict method: Erroneous allocation of new observations
    to tree nodes could occur, which has been fixed now. 

  o New plotting method for (g)lmertrees. Arguments which, type and fitted
    now support wider range of plots. E.g., fitted argument provides 
    different ways to compute fitted values in terminal panel plots. 
    E.g., type argument now supports the plotting of fixed-effects 
    coefficients with standard-error bars.
  
  o Two artificial example datasets added to illustate fitting of constant 
    fits (MHserviceDemo) and growth-curve models (GrowthCurveDemo) in
    terminal nodes. 

  o New sections added to vignette, illustrating how mixed-effects 
    regression trees with constant fits and growth curve models in terminal
    nodes can be fitted.



Changes in Version 0.1-2

  o Functions glmertree() and lmertree() now take offset arguments.
  
  o Argument ranefstart of functions glmertree() and lmertree() can now be 
    set to TRUE. As a result, the random effects will be estimated
    before fitting the tree in the first iteration. This may yield better 
    results when random effects are expected to be substantial.

  o Functions glmertree() and lmertree() now take cluster argument, an optional 
    vector with cluster IDs to be employed for clustered covariances in the parameter 
    stability tests.

  o Bugs fixed: Argument dfsplit is now passed correctly to tree fitting functions,
    additional arguments are now passed correctly to (g)lmer().	.

  o Arguments "lmer.control" in lmertree() and "glmer.control" in glmertree()
    are now actually passed to lmer() and glmer() internally.
 
  

Changes in Version 0.1-1

  o First CRAN release of the "glmertree" package for fitting generalized linear
    mixed-effects model trees in R. For an introduction to the underlying methods see
   
    Fokkema, Smits, Zeileis, Hothorn, Kelderman (2015). Detecting
    Treatment-Subgroup Interactions in Clustered Data with Generalized
    Linear Mixed-Effects Model Trees. Working Paper 2015-10. Working Papers
    in Economics and Statistics, Research Platform Empirical and Experimental
    Economics, Universitaet Innsbruck.
    URL http://EconPapers.RePEc.org/RePEc:inn:wpaper:2015-10

    The package is under development on R-Forge at
    https://R-Forge.R-project.org/projects/partykit/
